feat: introduce explicit token grants (#1395)
knocklabs/docs: content/in-app-ui/security-and-authentication.mdx

>
```

## Limiting access to specific resources

You can limit access to the endpoints that can be called with a public API key by setting access `grants` on the user token.

You can ensure that **no other actions** can be taken on any other resources by setting the `explicit_grants` option to `true` when generating the user token. Without this option, the token will be granted access to all resources by default.

<Table

>   headers={["Type", "Grants", "Description"]}

Reviewer: IMO, could cut the "Type" column

    ["Read feed", "user_feed/read", "Allow the token to read the user's feed."],
    [
      "Write feed",
      "user_feed/write",
      "Allow the token to perform write action on the user's feed. This includes marking messages as read, seen, or archived.",
    ],
    [
      "Read preferences",
      "preferences/read",
      "Allow the token to read the user's preferences.",
    ],
    [
      "Write preferences",
      "preferences/write",
      "Allow the token to write to the user's preferences.",
    ],
    [
      "Read channel data",
      "channel_data/read",
      "Allow the token to read the channel data for the user.",
    ],
    [
      "Write channel data",
      "channel_data/write",
      "Allow the token to write the channel data for the user.",
    ],

]}
/>

Grants are structured according to the <a href="https://github.com/ucan-wg/spec" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">UCAN spec</a>. They consist of an array of maps, with each map representing a resource.

A grant for a user should always be structured with the user's ID as the key (`https://api.knock.app/v1/users/<user_id>`). This should always match the `sub` claim in the user token.

> ```json title="Example of a grant for a user"

Reviewer: I think we can remove this first example since the second is more inclusive and explains the structure.

{
  "https://api.knock.app/v1/users/<user_id>": {
    "user/read": [{}]
  }
}
```

```json title="Example of a user token with grants to make it read-only"
{
  "sub": "<user_id>",
  "explicit_grants": true,
  "grants": {
    "https://api.knock.app/v1/users/<user_id>": {
      "user/read": [{}],
      "feed/read": [{}],
      "preferences/read": [{}],
      "channel_data/read": [{}]
    }
  }
}
```

### Scoping a token to a tenant

Some per-tenant resources can further be scoped to a specific tenant by including a set of grants for one or more tenants in the user token. Doing so will restrict the updates that can be made to the resource to only the tenants that are included in the user token.

<Callout
  emoji="🚨"
  title="Note:"
  text={
    <>
      Without a tenant-scope, any user actions will apply to all tenants. When

>       at-least one tenant-scope is included, any user actions will apply to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      at least one tenant-scope is included, any user actions will apply to the
```
nit

> <Callout
>   emoji="🚨"
>   title="Note:"
>   text={
>     <>
>       Without a tenant-scope, any user actions will apply to all tenants. When
>       at-least one tenant-scope is included, any user actions will apply to the
>       tenants included in the user token.
>     </>
>   }
> />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout
  type="alert"
  title="Note:"
  text={
    <>
      Without a tenant-scope, any user actions will apply to all tenants. When
      at least one tenant-scope is included, any user actions will apply to the
      tenants included in the user token.
    </>
  }
/>
```

Reviewer: Updating to new callout style
